ROBOTS SCRIPT

HAL:	Hello. Good to see you.

C3PO:	Hi. Did you get the email with my section of the group assignment?

HAL:	Yes. It looks good so far, but I think you forgot to reference your sources. Do you know when you will be able to complete your section?

C3PO:	Oh, I'm sorry. I won't have time to finish the whole assignment and I am not really sure how to do the referencing. Can you do it for me? 

HAL:	Sorry, but I can't. But I can show you how to reference properly if you need help.

C3PO:	No thanks. I don't have time to finish my assignment myself. I'll just leave the references out.

HAL:	Don't do that. If you don't reference your sources, it is considered to be plagiarism. Also, it's wrong of you to ask me to do your work for you. That is a form of contract cheating. If you don't put your references in, you could get in trouble and also harm the work done by the rest of our group. You should reference your sources to give credit to the people whose work has helped shape your thoughts, and it also highlights all research you have done.

C3PO:	But I'm not sure I have time to finish before the due date.

HAL:	If you are having trouble finding time to finish your assignment, why not get some Academic Support? Plagiarism is taken very seriously at Swinburne, and you could even get kicked out of Uni if you get caught.

C3PO:	I'm sorry. I didn't realise that plagiarising was so serious, and that it would be bad for my group members as well. But now I'm worried that I might plagiarise by accident. What if I accidentally reference my sources incorrectly?

HAL:	It's okay, Swinburne has many resources that you can use to help you reference and cite your sources correctly. You can find help on the Swinburne website, or you can ask your Tutors or Lecturers to help you out. Also, I highly recommend that you complete the Academic Integrity Module that you can find when you log into the learning management system. This Module gives you a good overview of what is considered Plagiarism and how to avoid doing something wrong.

C3PO:	Sounds great. I will go and check the Academic Integrity module.
